Anything anything
Do you remember the title?
cat Baker Baker cat
oh mine Mine is...
It's about this, about bath.
It's in Japanese, but it's called, okuro de chapu chapu.
Yes, George.
(***)
wow i think they need to see your mouth moving
huhaaaaa
yeah
i mean George was mean or George was
It's more like r(***)monkeys.
haahaaa
yeah Movie.
Did you read the book?
How old were you?
I only remember this big head flowing.
I don't remember the story.
You're floating.
(***) it's not a Is it a dragon? I thought it was a big...
Big dog. haahaaa
It's a dragon? I thought it was a big head.
you
huhaaaa
oh
hahaaaa
(***)
But do you remember why the author was upset?
ohh
That's big.
What do you mean?
haahaaa You don't need that right now, you're in a movie. so
So that means that the author's ending was different.
I'm curious now how it was different
haahaaa
Yeah, make the never-ending story finished.
And let us know.
ohh
haahaa
I can't believe you remembered that.
Run the children on top of the dragon
yeah I don't remember the movie at all. haahaa
I can't remember. Never ending story.
haahaa(***)
Did you watch the movie? Yeah, I don't know.